(DOCSP-14225): Add generic sync performance improvement note (#2291)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/includes/sync-memory-performance.rst

Every write transaction for a subscription set has a performance cost. If you 
need to make multiple updates to a Realm object during a session, consider

> keeping edited objects in memory until all changes are complete. This will 
> improve sync performance by only writing the complete and updated object to your
> realm instead of every iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keeping edited objects in memory until all changes are complete. This 
improves sync performance by only writing the complete and updated object to your
realm instead of every change.
```
